Question 1:
Find non repeating characters in a string
input = ChampakChaccha
output = m p k c

Question 2:
Easy/ Medium Level

A pizza shop makes vegan pizzas as well as meat based pizzas. The customers place N orders at the shop and their order number gets printed on their bill. The shop displays k out of N both-vegan and meat based pizza orders on their display screen at a single time. The pizza shop is very famous and receives many orders. So to avoid confusion, the vegan pizza orders are displayed as a positive order number and the meat based pizza orders are displayed as a negative order number. All the orders are delivered in the order in which they are displayed on the screen. Each time a displayed order is ready, it is then removed from the display screen and the next order is added to the display at the end. A couple has come to eat pizza with their child Billy . Billy is a very naughty child and to keep him busy, his parents tell him to makes a list of the first meat based pizza order number present in each set of k orders displayed on the shop’s display screen.

Write an algorithm to help Billy make a list of the first meat based pizza order numbers displayed on the screen each time an order is delivered to a customer.

Input

The first line of the input consists of two space-separated integers – numOfOrders and size, representing the total number of orders placed(N) and the number of orders displayed on the screen (K), respectively. The second line consists of N space-separated integers representing the vegan pizza and meat based pizza order numbers of the orders placed by the customers.

Output

Print a list of space-separated integers representing the first meat based pizza order of every k orders displayed on the screen each time an order is delivered to a customer and print 0 if the screen does not display any meat based pizza order.

Constraints

0 <=  numOfOrders <= 106

0 <= size <= numOfOrders

-109 <=  ordersNum <= 109

, where orderNum represents the order numbers of the orders placed

Example

Input

6    3

-11-2 19 37 64-18

Output:

-11 -2 0-18

Explanation:

Step1: At the time of the first display, the order numbers displayed are [-11,-2,19].

So, the first displayed meat based pizza order number is -11.

Step2:At the time of the next display, the order numbers displayed are[-2,19,37]

So, the first displayed meat based pizza order number is -2.

Step3:At the time of the next display, the order numbers displayed are[19,37,64].

Since no meat based pizza order is displayed, the output is 0.

Step4:Similarly,at the time of the next display, the order numbers displayed are[37,64,-18].

So, the first displayed meat based pizza order number is -18.

So, the output is [-11, -2, 0,-18].

TESTCASE: Testcase-1:

Input:

6   3

-11 -2 19 37 64 -18

Expected Return Value:

--11 -2 0-18
